
This file describes how to update and release new versions of Task-Kensho and
its subtask distributions.

Since the only "meat" of these distributions are the lists of recommended
modules and their descriptions, almost everything that ends up in the final
distribution(s) is generated via Dist::Zilla.  You should only edit files in
the top level directory of the git repository. These are used to generate
everything else.

- update modules.yml
- add an entry to Changes, including what dists(s) you changed
- git commit

- run `perl generate-tasks` to update all the subtasks (WARNING: this will
  wipe all existing content in the subtask folders!)
- (optional) 'git diff' to see what's changed. Unless someone's been hacking
  on the generator code itself, you should only see changes for the specific
  Task-Kensho- dist that you modified in modules.yml.
- git commit

By this point there should be no uncommitted changes in the repository.  Now
you are at a state where each individual Task-Kensho-* subdist is its own
self-contained distribution that can be shipped with Dist::Zilla.

- pushd <dist you want to release>
- (optional) dzil build --not; dist test --release, etc etc as desired
- dzil release
- popd
- dzil release

Now go have a beer!

How it all works:

The repository actually houses the Task-Kensho distribution itself, as well as
all the subtasks.  However, all the dist.ini files are carefully constructed
so that one can run 'dzil release' in each directory and only build and
release the files relevant to that distribution.  There is one common
'Changes' file, which is only updated and committed when the TK dist itself is
released.  However, since the TK dist lists all the recommendations for all
the subtasks, it is reasonable to release TK whenever any one or more subtasks
are released -- and conveniently, doing so keeps version numbers aligned.

Think this all is horrid? blame ether!
No, seriously, it's wretched and you want to punt dzil to the moon (and
probably ether too)?  Just download the last uploaded release of all dists
from the cpan back to a git repository, commit everything, and you can return
to managing everything manually again.
